
INTEL SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Intel Media Processor Software Development Kit (SDK)
(Internal Use, Object Code Distribution and Sample Source Code Distribution)

IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.

DO NOT USE OR LOAD THIS INTEL SOFTWARE UNTIL YOU HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE
FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  BY LOADING OR USING THIS INTEL SOFTWARE,
YOU ("YOU" OR "LICENSEE") AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS INTEL SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT").  IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO SO AGREE, DO NOT COPY,
INSTALL OR USE THIS INTEL SOFTWARE. IF YOU ARE AN AGENT OR EMPLOYEE OF A
LEGAL ENTITY YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND
SUCH LEGAL ENTITY TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Portions of the Intel Software within this SDK may be Pre-Production Licensed
Software as defined below.  The Pre-Production Licensed Software sections of
this SDK may not have been fully validated by Intel or be feature-complete.
Intel may make updates available to You of production versions which may have
gone through Intel's software validation and quality control efforts. YOU ARE
RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR DECISION TO USE PRE-PRODUCTION LICENSED SOFTWARE IN YOUR
COMMERCIAL PRODUCT.

1. DEFINED TERMS

    1.1 "Confidential Information" means the Licensed Software provided in
    Source Code form, and the Licensed Documentation that is not End User
    Documentation.  

    1.2 "Derived Code" means derivative work, as defined by 17 USC
    Section 101, of the Licensed Software provided by Intel to Licensee in
    Source Code form.

    1.3 "Distributor" means a third-party, including any of Licensee's
    subsidiaries or affiliates, that is authorized by Licensee to distribute,
    Sell, or Offer Products for Sale.  

    1.4 "End User" means the final or ultimate user of a Product that uses a
    Product for its own purposes and not for further distribution or resale.

    1.5 "End User Documentation" means Licensed Documentation that may be
    included with the Licensed Software.

    1.6 "Independent Software Vendor" or "ISV" means an individual or entity
    that makes or produces software that incorporates Licensed Software. 

    1.7 "Intel" means Intel Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries and
    affiliates as the case may be.

    1.8  "Intel Party" or "Intel Parties" means Intel and its officers,
    directors, employees, affiliates, sub-contractors, subsidiaries and
    suppliers (and any respective officer, director, employee, affiliate,
    sub-contractor or subsidiary thereof).

    1.9 "Internal Use Software" means the Licensed Software identified as
    Intel Confidential, or other confidential markings in the File Header.

    1.10 "Licensed Documentation" means installation and user guides, and
    manuals and other documentation in either printed or machine-viewable
    form documentation corresponding to the  Licensed Software provided by
    Intel in connection with, under, or subject to this Agreement.

    1.11 "Licensed Patent Claims" means those claims of Intel's patents that
    (a) are infringed by the Licensed Software (as delivered by Intel in its
    unmodified form) and (b) Intel has the right to license.

    1.12  "Licensed Software" means any computing programming code, including
    Pre-Production Licensed Software, that is provided in connection with,
    under, or subject to this Agreement, but does not include computing
    programming code that is (i) delivered with the Licensed Software that
    is Open Source Software and/or (ii) subject to an agreement, obligation
    and/or license (in each case whether or not accompanying such computing
    programming code) intended to supersede or override this Agreement. The
    file directories, sub-directories and individual File Headers included
    with the Licensed Software shall contain information to identify the
    Licensed Software and any Open Source Software.

    1.13  "Licensee" or "Licensee's" means Licensee as an individual or, if
    Licensee are accepting these terms on behalf of a legal entity (such as
    a corporation, partnership or government agency), "Licensee",
    "Licensee's", "You" or "Your" means such legal entity.

    1.14 "File Header(s)" means the information provided with the Licensed
    Software and any Open Source Software that identifies (i) Internal Use
    Software, Distributable As Object Software, Distributable As Sample
    Source Software, or Open Source Software, and (ii) any notices or
    additional information about the Licensed Software or Open Source
    Software.

    1.15 "Object Code" means computer programming code in binary form
    suitable for machine execution by a processor without the intervening
    steps of interpretation or compilation.

    1.16  "Open Source Software" means any software that requires as a
    condition of use, modification and/or distribution of such software that
    such software or other software incorporated into, derived from or
    distributed with such software (a) be disclosed or distributed in Source
    Code form; (b) be licensed by the user to third parties for the purpose
    of making and/or distributing derivative works; or (c) be redistributable
    at no charge.  Open Source Software  includes, without limitation,
    software licensed or distributed under any of the following licenses or
    distribution models, or licenses or distribution models substantially
    similar to any of the following: (a) GNU's General Public License (GPL)
    or Lesser/Library GPL (LGPL), (b) the Artistic License (e.g., PERL),
    (c) the Mozilla Public License, (d) the Netscape Public License,
    (e) the Sun Community Source License (SCSL), (f) the Sun Industry Source
    License (SISL), and (g) the Common Public License (CPL).

    1.17  "Original Equipment Manufacturer" or "OEM" means an individual or
    entity that makes or produce hardware products that incorporates Licensed
    Software.

    1.18 "Pre-Production Licensed Software" means the pre-production versions
    or features of Licensed Software that have not been validated nor passed
    Intel's software quality controls.  The release notes included or provided
    with the PDK shall contain information to help identify the Pre-Production
    Licensed Software.

    1.19 "Product" means a consumer electronics hardware product designed and
    manufactured by You, or solely for You, to Your specifications and sold
    under Your brand or trade name that includes an Intel branded media
    processor such as the Intel(r) Media Processor CE 3100, Intel(r) Atom(tm)
    processor CE4100, or Intel(r) Atom(tm) processor CE4200.

    1.20 "Distributable As Object Software" means the Licensed Software
    provided in Object Code form that is not identified as Internal Use
    Software.

    1.21 "Distributable As Sample Source Software" means the Licensed
    Software in Source Code form that is  as identified as "Distributable As
    Sample Source Software" in the File Header included with the Licensed
    Software.

    1.22  "Sell" and "Offer for Sale" mean, respectively, for the purposes
    of the patent licenses granted under Section 2, to sublicense, or offer
    to sublicense, the Licensed Software, as part of a sale, or offer to
    sell, the Licensee Products, and "Sale" and "Offer to Sell", in no way
    mean to transfer ownership rights in the Licensed Software.

    1.23  "Source Code" means computer programming code in an uncompiled
    form readable by humans which cannot be executed by a processor unless
    it is complied into Object Code.

2. LICENSE GRANTS AND RESTRICTIONS

    2.1 Licenses to Internal Use Software. Intel grants to Licensee the
    following non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free,
    perpetual (unless terminated in accordance with the Section 9
    ("Termination") below), non-sublicensable licenses:

        2.1.1 Internal Use License. A license (i) under Intel's copyrights
        to reproduce and (ii) under Intel's Licensed Patent Claims to use,
        a reasonable number of copies the Internal Use Software, alone or
        to the extent the Internal Use Software is incorporated into Derived
        Code of the Internal Use Software, internally within Licensee's
        facilities solely and exclusively for the purpose of manufacture
        and/or internal development of Products; and

        2.1.2 License to Create Derivative Works. A license under Intel's
        copyrights to create Derived Code of the Internal Use Software
        provided in Sample Source Code form, internally within Licensee's
        facilities and solely and exclusively for the purpose of manufacture
        and/or internal development of Products.

    2.2 Licenses to Distributable As Object Software. Intel grants to
    Licensee the following non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide,
    royalty-free, perpetual (unless terminated in accordance with the
    Section 9 ("Termination") below), non-sublicensable (except pursuant
    to Section 2.2.4 below) licenses:

        2.2.1 Internal Use License. A license (i) under Intel's copyrights
        to reproduce and (ii) under Intel's Licensed Patent Claims to use,
        a reasonable number of copies the Distributable As Object Software,
        alone or to the extent the Distributable as Object Software is
        incorporated into Derived Code of the Distributable As Object
        Software, internally within Licensee's facilities solely and
        exclusively for the purpose of manufacture and/or internal
        development of Products;

        2.2.2 License to Create Derivative Works. A license under Intel's
        copyrights to create Derived Code of the Distributable As Object
        Software provided in Sample Source Code form, internally within
        Licensee's facilities and solely and exclusively for the purpose
        of manufacture and/or internal development of Products; and

        2.2.3 Object Code Distribution License. A license (i) under Intel's
        copyrights to distribute and (ii) under Intel's Licensed Patent
        Claims to Sell, Offer for Sale, make, and import, the Distributable
        As Object Software, in Object Code form, alone or to the extent the
        Distributable as Object Software is incorporated into Derived Code
        of Distributable As Object Software, solely as part of and within
        Products.

        2.2.4 Object Code Distribution Sublicense.  

                2.2.4.1 OEMs. Intel grants to a Licensee acting as an OEM the
                right to sublicense (subject to the minimum end user license
                terms set forth in Exhibit A) to End Users through one or more
                tiers of Distributors, the right to execute the Distributable
                As Object Software, alone or to the extent the Distributable
                as Object Software is incorporated into Derived Code, solely
                within or as part of a Product.

                2.2.4.2 ISVs. Intel grants to a Licensee acting as an ISV
                (i) the right to sublicense (subject to the minimum end user
                license terms set forth in Exhibit A) to End Users through
                one or more tiers of Distributors, the right to execute the
                Distributable As Object Software, alone or to the extent the
                Distributable as Object Software is incorporated into Derived
                Code, solely within or as part of a Product and (ii) the right
                to sublicense to OEMs the Object Code form distribution
                license set forth in Section 2.2.3 subject to the restriction
                in Section 2.2.4.1.

    2.3 Licenses to Distributable As Sample Source Software. Intel grants
    to Licensee the following non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide,
    royalty-free, perpetual (unless terminated in accordance with the
    Section 9 ("Termination") below), non-sublicensable (except pursuant
    to Section 2.5, below) licenses

        2.3.1 License to Create Derivative Works. A license under Intel's
        copyrights to create Derived Code of the Distributable As Sample
        Source Software provided in Source Code form, internally within
        Licensee's facilities and solely and exclusively for the purpose
        of manufacture and/or internal development of Products;

        2.3.2 Internal Use License. A license (i) under Intel's copyrights
        to reproduce and (ii) under Intel's Licensed Patent Claims to use,
        a reasonable number of copies the Distributable As Sample Source
        Software, alone or to the extent the Distributable as Sample Source
        Software is incorporated into Derived Code of the Distributable As
        Sample Source Software, internally within Licensee's facilities
        solely and exclusively for the purpose of manufacture and/or
        internal development of Products;

        2.3.3 Object Code Distribution License. A license (i) under Intel's
        copyrights to distribute and (ii) under Intel's Licensed Patent Claims
        to Sell, Offer for Sale, make and import, the Distributable As Sample
        Source Software, in Object Code form, alone or to the extent the
        Distributable as Sample Source Software is incorporated into Derived
        Code of Distributable As Sample Source Software, solely as part of
        and within Products; and

        2.3.4 Source Code Distribution License. A license (i) under Intel's
        copyrights to distribute and (ii) under Intel's Licensed Patent Claims
        to Sell, Offer for Sale, and import, the Distributable As Sample
        Source Software, in Source Code form, alone or to the extent the
        Distributable as Sample Source Software is incorporated into Derived
        Code of Distributable As Sample Source Software, to OEMs, solely as
        part of and within Products.

        2.3.5 Object and Source Code Distribution Sublicense. 

                2.3.5.1 OEMs. Intel grants to a Licensee acting as an OEM the
                right to sublicense (subject to the minimum end user license
                terms set forth in Exhibit A) to End Users through one or more
                tiers of Distributors, the right to execute the Distributable
                As Sample Source Software in Object Code form, alone or to the
                extent the Distributable as Sample Source Software is
                incorporated into Derived Code, solely within or as part
                of a Product. 

                2.3.5.2 ISVs. Intel grants to a Licensee acting as an ISV
                (i) the right to sublicense (subject to the minimum end user
                license terms set forth in Exhibit A) to End Users through
                one or more tiers of Distributors, the right to execute the
                Distributable As Source Software in Object Code form, alone
                or to the extent the Distributable as Sample Source Software
                is incorporated into Derived Code, solely within or as part
                of a Product; (ii) the right to sublicense to OEMs the Object
                Code form distribution license set forth in section 2.3.3
                subject to the restriction in Section 2.3.5.1 and (iii) the
                right to sublicense to OEMs the license to create Derived
                Code of the Distributable As Source Software set forth in
                Section 2.3.4 subject to the restriction in Section 2.3.5.1.

    2.4 Licenses to Documentation. Intel grants to Licensee the following
    non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual
    (unless terminated in accordance with the Section 9 ("Termination")
    below), non-sublicensable licenses

        2.4.1 Internal Use License. A license under Intel's copyrights to
        reproduce a reasonable number of copies of the Licensed Documentation
        internally within Licensee's facilities solely and exclusively for
        the purpose of manufacture and/or internal development of Products;
        and

        2.4.2 End User Documentation Distribution License. A license under
        Intel's copyrights to distribute End User Documentation to End Users
        through one or more tiers of Distributors solely with Products.

    2.5 Restrictions. Neither Licensee, nor any OEM, or Distributor, shall:

        2.5.1 Have any right or license to reverse engineer, decompile or
        disassemble any Licensed Software not provided in Source Code form,
        except in jurisdictions where licenses for such activities cannot
        be withheld;

        2.5.2 Grant to any third-party, or encourage any third-party to
        exercise, any rights broader than those rights Intel has granted to
        Licensee under this Agreement, and any such attempt is null and void;

        2.5.3 Alter, remove or obscure any proprietary notices from the
        Licensed Software relating to Intel's or its vendors' intellectual
        property rights;

        2.5.4 Make any statement that any Products are endorsed by, certified
        by or that its performance is guaranteed by Intel or use Intel's name
        or trademarks to market any Product without express prior written
        permission from Intel;

        2.5.5 Imply or otherwise indicate that Licensee is selling or
        transferring title to any Licensed Software; and

        2.5.6 Grant an End User any right to sublicense the Licensed Software
        to any party.

    2.6 Written Agreements. All agreements or licenses between Licensee and
    any third party with respect to the Licensed Software must be in writing
    and at least as protective of Intel's rights in the Licensed Software as
    this Agreement.  For Licensee's convenience, any written agreement
    referenced in this Section 2.6 with an OEM, Distributor or End User may
    also pertain to other computer programming code without specifically
    referencing the Licensed Software (as long as it covers the Licensed
    Software), but Intel grants no right hereunder with respect to such
    other computer programming code.

    2.7 Open Source Software. In the event Open Source Software is included
    with Licensed Software, such Open Source Software is licensed pursuant
    to the applicable Open Source Software license agreement identified in
    the Open Source Software comments in the applicable source code file(s)
    and/or File Header provided with Licensed Software. Additional detail
    may be provided (where applicable) in the accompanying on-line
    documentation. With respect to the Open Source Software, nothing in
    this Agreement limits any rights under, or grants rights that supersede,
    the terms of any applicable Open Source Software license agreement.
    Neither Licensee nor any OEM or Distributor, shall subject the Licensed
    Software or Licensed Documentation, in whole or in part, to any license
    obligations associated with Open Source Software including combining or
    distributing the Licensed Software and/or Documentation with Open Source
    Software in a manner that subjects Intel or any portion of the Licensed
    Software provided by Intel hereunder to any license obligations of such
    Open Source Software.

    2.8 Additional Terms For Windows Media or WMDRM Enabled Versions.  This
    product includes technology owned by Microsoft Corporation and cannot be
    used or further distributed by Licensee without a license from Microsoft
    or a Microsoft Affiliate.  If you have questions on whether you received
    these components, please contact your Intel representative.

    2.9 Additional Terms for PlayReady Enabled Versions. This product is
    subject to certain intellectual proprietary rights of Microsoft and
    cannot be used or distributed further without the appropriate license(s)
    from Microsoft.  If you have questions on whether you received these
    components, please contact your Intel representative.

    2.10 Media Player Sample Source Code.  The Licensed Software may contain
    sample application source code for the XPSM media player.  You can use
    the Licensed Software and any application sample source code provided
    solely in connection with creating media playback functionality in your
    Product, but you shall not use the application sample source code, or any
    other portions of the Licensed Software, to design, produce, sell or
    otherwise transfer or distribute Products or software, where such
    Products or software are designed to circumvent the requirements or
    effectiveness of any content protection or digital rights management
    technologies (or assist others directly or indirectly to do any of the
    foregoing).

3. License to Use Comments and Suggestions. This Agreement does NOT obligate
Licensee to provide Intel with comments or suggestions regarding the Licensed
Software. However, should Licensee provide Intel with comments or suggestions
for the modification, correction, improvement or enhancement of (a) the
Licensed Software or (b) Intel products or processes which work with the
Licensed Software, Licensee grants to Intel a non-exclusive, irrevocable,
worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense Intel's
licensees and customers, under Licensee's intellectual property rights, the
rights to use and disclose such comments and suggestions in any manner Intel
chooses and to display, perform, copy, make, have made, use, sell, and
otherwise dispose of Intel's and its sublicensee's products embodying such
comments and suggestions in any manner and via any media Intel chooses,
without reference to the source.

4. OWNERSHIP, NO OTHER RIGHTS.

    4.1 The Licensed Software is protected by the intellectual property laws
    of the United States and other countries, and international treaty
    provisions. Licensee and Intel agree that except as otherwise expressly
    provided in Section 2 ("License Grants") above, no license or other right
    is granted by Intel to Licensee by implication, estoppel or otherwise,
    under Intel patents, copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual
    property rights. All rights not expressly granted to Licensee pursuant to
    Section 2 of this Agreement are hereby expressly reserved for Intel and/or
    the Intel Parties and are expressly excluded from this Agreement.

    4.2 Title to all copies of the Licensed Software and any intellectual
    property therein remains with Intel and/or the Intel Parties. Licensee may
    not disclose the terms of this Agreement or use Intel's name in any
    publications, advertisements, or other announcements without Intel's prior
    written consent. This Agreement does not grant Licensee any rights to use
    Intel's trademarks. 

    4.3 Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Licensee's use of the Licensed
    Software or distribution thereof with Products as permitted by this
    Agreement may require Licensee to procure license(s) from one or more
    third parties that may hold intellectual property rights applicable to the
    media format, decoding, encoding, transcoding, digital rights management
    capabilities and/or content protection technologies of the Licensed
    Software, if any.

5. CONFIDENTIALITY

    5.1 Confidentiality. Confidential Information disclosed under this
    Agreement is governed by Licensee's Corporate Non Disclosure Agreement
    ("CNDA") with Intel (if any). If Licensee and Intel do not have a CNDA,
    then the provisions of Section 5.2 shall apply to Confidential Information
    disclosed under this Agreement. 

    5.2 Obligations of Receiving Party. Licensee will maintain the
    confidentiality of the Confidential Information of Intel with at least the
    same degree of care that it uses to protect its own confidential and
    proprietary information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care
    under the circumstances. Licensee will not disclose any Confidential
    Information to any employees or to any third parties except to the
    Licensee's employees, parent company and majority-owned subsidiaries, and,
    in the case of Distributable Sample Source Software, OEMs who have a need
    to know and who agree to abide by nondisclosure terms at least as
    comprehensive as those set forth herein; provided that the Licensee will
    be liable for breach by any such entity. For the purposes of this
    Agreement, the term "employees" shall include independent contractors of
    Licensee, who have agreed in writing to Licensee that they are subject to
    the terms of this Agreement, and they retain no license rights or other
    rights hereunder once they have discontinued their performance of work on
    Licensee's behalf. Licensee, however, will not be liable for the
    disclosure of any Confidential Information which is:

        a. rightfully in the public domain other than by a breach of a duty to
        Intel;

        b. rightfully received from a third party without any obligation of
        confidentiality;

        c. rightfully known to the Licensee without any limitation on use or
        disclosure prior to its receipt from Intel;

        d. independently developed by employees of Licensee; or

        e. generally made available to third parties by Intel without
    	restriction on disclosure.

Title or the right to possess Confidential Information as between the parties
will remain with Intel.

6. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES. THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS", WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND POSSIBLY WITH DEFECTS. INTEL AND THE INTEL PARTIES
MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE. INTEL AND THE INTEL PARTIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY
WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT OF ANY THIRD
PARTY.

7. SUPPORT. Intel may make changes to the Licensed Software, or to items
referenced therein, at any time without notice, but is not obligated to
support, update or provide training for the Licensed Software. Intel may in
its sole discretion offer such services under separate terms at Intel's
then-current rates. Licensee may request additional information on Intel's
service offerings from an Intel sales representative. Licensee agrees to be
solely responsible to Licensee's OEMs, Distributors and End Users for any
update or support obligation or other liability which may arise from the
distribution of a Product.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

    8.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL OR THE INTEL PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
    WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOSS
    OF GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOST INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF
    THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, EVEN IF AN INTEL
    PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME
    JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION
    MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE. LICENSEE MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT
    VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. 

    8.2 THE LICENSED SOFTWARE LICENSED HEREUNDER IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED
    FOR USE IN ANY MEDICAL, LIFE SAVING OR LIFE SUSTAINING SYSTEMS,
    TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, NUCLEAR SYSTEMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER MISSION CRITICAL
    APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO
    PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH. LICENSEE SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD INTEL AND THE
    INTEL PARTIES HARMLESS AGAINST ALL CLAIMS, COSTS, DAMAGES, AND EXPENSES,
    AND REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES ARISING OUT OF, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, THE
    USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE BY LICENSEE, OEMs,
    DISTRIBUTORS, END USERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY, AND ANY CLAIM OF PRODUCT
    LIABILITY, PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH ASSOCIATED WITH ANY UNINTENDED USE,
    EVEN IF SUCH CLAIM ALLEGES THAT AN INTEL PARTY WAS NEGLIGENT REGARDING THE
    DESIGN OR MANUFACTURE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. 

    8.3 THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITED LIABILITY ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS
    OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN INTEL AND LICENSEE. INTEL WOULD NOT BE
    ABLE TO PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. 

9. TERM AND TERMINATION.

    9.1 This Agreement. Intel may terminate this Agreement at any time if
    Licensee violates its terms. Upon termination, Licensee will immediately
    destroy the Licensed Software (including providing certification of such
    destruction back to Intel) or return all copies of the Licensed Software
    to Intel. In the event of termination of this Agreement, all licenses
    granted to Licensee hereunder (including all sublicenses granted by
    Licensee pursuant to this Agreement) shall immediately terminate.

10. MISCELLANEOUS

    10.1 Applicable Laws. Any claims arising under or relating to this
    Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State
    of Delaware or federal courts located in Delaware, without regard to
    principles of conflict of laws. Each party hereby agrees to jurisdiction
    and venue in the courts of the State of Delaware for all disputes and
    litigation arising under or relating to this Agreement. The parties agree
    that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale
    of Goods is specifically excluded from application to this Agreement. The
    parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of the above courts. In
    connection with your use of the Licensed Software, You agree that You will
    comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 

    10.2 Export Regulations / Export Control. You shall not export, either
    directly or indirectly, any product, service or technical data or system
    incorporating such items without first obtaining any required license or
    other approval from the U. S. Department of Commerce or any other agency
    or department of the United States Government. In the event any product is
    exported from the United States or re-exported from a foreign destination
    by You, You shall ensure that the distribution and export/re-export or
    import of the product is in compliance with all laws, regulations, orders,
    or other restrictions of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and
    the appropriate foreign government. You agree that neither you nor any of
    your subsidiaries will export/re-export any technical data, process,
    product, or service, directly or indirectly, to any country for which the
    United States government or any agency thereof or the foreign government
    from where it is shipping requires an export license, or other
    governmental approval, without first obtaining such license or approval. 

    10.3 Government Rights. The technical data and computer software covered
    by this license is a "Commercial Item," as such term is defined by the FAR
    2.101 (48 C.F.R. 2.101) and is "commercial computer software" and
    "commercial computer software documentation" as specified under FAR 12.212
    (48 C.F.R. 12.212) or DFARS 227.7202 (48 C.F.R. 227.7202), as applicable.
    This commercial computer software and related documentation is provided to
    end users for use, by and on behalf of the U.S. Government, with only
    those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms
    and conditions herein. Use for or on behalf of the U.S. Government is
    permitted only if the party acquiring or using this software is properly
    authorized by an appropriate U.S. Government official. This use by or for
    the U.S. Government clause is in lieu of, and supersedes, any other FAR,
    DFARS, or other provision that addresses Government rights in the computer
    software or documentation covered by this license.

    10.4 Assignment. Intel may assign its rights or delegate its obligations,
    or any part thereof under this Agreement without prior consent from
    Licensee. Licensee may not assign, whether in conjunction with a change of
    ownership, merger, acquisition, sale or transfer of all, substantially all
    or any part of Licensee's business or assets or otherwise, either
    voluntarily, by operation of law of otherwise, any portion of this
    Agreement. Any attempt by Licensee to assign or delegate any rights,
    duties or obligations set forth in this Agreement without Intel's prior
    written consent shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement and
    shall be null and void. Except as provided above, the terms and conditions
    of this Agreement shall bind and inure to each party's successors and
    assigns.

    10.5 Entire Agreement. The terms and conditions of this Agreement
    constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the
    subject matter hereof, and merges and supersedes all prior,
    contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions.
    Neither of the parties hereto shall be bound by any conditions,
    definitions, warranties, understandings or representations with respect to
    the subject matter hereof other than as expressly provided for herein.
    Intel is not obligated under any other agreements unless they are in
    writing and signed by an authorized representative of Intel. Without
    limiting the foregoing, terms and conditions on any purchase orders or
    similar materials submitted by You to Intel, and any terms contained in
    Intel's standard acknowledgment form that are in conflict with these
    terms, shall be of no force or effect.

    10.6 Attorneys' Fees. In the event any proceeding or lawsuit is brought by
    Intel or You in connection with this Agreement, the prevailing party in
    such proceeding shall be entitled to receive its costs, expert witness
    fees and reasonable attorneys' fees, including costs and fees on appeal.

    10.7 Injunctive Relief. It is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding
    any other provisions of this Agreement, breach of Sections 2, 4 or 5 of
    this Agreement by You will cause Intel irreparable damage for which
    recovery of money damages would be inadequate, and that Intel shall be
    entitled to obtain timely injunctive relief to protect its rights under
    this Agreement in addition to any and all remedies available at law.

    10.8 Notices. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall
    be in writing and shall be delivered by personal delivery or by certified
    or registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed given
    upon receipt or five (5) days after deposit in the mail, whichever is
    sooner. 

    10.9 No Agency. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating
    any agency, employment relationship, partnership, principal-agent or other
    form of joint enterprise between the parties.

    10.10 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement
    shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held
    by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall
    not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and, in
    such event, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so as to best
    accomplish the objectives of such unenforceable or invalid provision
    within the limits of applicable law or applicable court decisions.

    10.11 Waiver. The failure of either party to require performance by the
    other party of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to
    require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by
    either party of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a
    waiver of the provision itself.

    10.12 Language. This Agreement is in the English language only, which
    language shall be controlling in all respects, and all versions of this
    Agreement in any other language shall be for accommodation only and shall
    not be binding on you or Intel. All communications and notices made or
    given pursuant to this Agreement, and all documentation and support to be
    provided, unless otherwise noted, shall be in the English language.

Exhibit A
Minimum End User License Terms
An End User may:
 
1. Copy the Licensed Software solely for backup or archival purposes, provided
that the license terms may (where appropriate) authorize the reproduction of a
specified or reasonable number of copies to be made and/or used by the End
User.

2. Transfer the Licensed Software to another party if the receiving party
agrees to the terms substantially similar to and as protective as the terms
set forth in this Exhibit A, and Transferor retains no copies of the Licensed
Software. Transfer of the Licensed Software terminates the transferor's rights
to use the Licensed Software.
 
An End User may not:
 
1. Sublicense or further distribute the Licensed Software (except as allowed
in the above section, or by the express terms of the license with respect to
open source components);

2. Reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Licensed Software (except
with respect to open source components);

3. Copy or modify the Licensed Software, in whole or in part (except as
allowed in the above section, or by the express terms of the license with
respect to open source components).

4. Remove any copyright notices from the Licensed Software.
 
An End User shall also be made aware that:
 
1. Title to the Licensed Software and all copies thereof remain with Licensee
or its suppliers, as applicable.

2. The Licensed Software is provided "AS IS" and that the warranties of
Merchantability, Fitness for a Particular Purpose and of Non-Infringement are
expressly excluded.

3. The end user license may be terminated at any time if the End User is in
breach of any of its terms and conditions. Upon termination, the End User must
immediately cease use of the Licensed Software and destroy the Licensed
Software.

4. All indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages of any kind are
disclaimed to the extent allowed by law.

5. The Licensed Software is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS, as that term is
understood in government procurement.

6. The End User agrees to comply with all applicable export control laws with
respect to the Licensed Software.

1/11

